{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green31\blue36;\red252\green95\blue163;
\red65\green161\blue192;\red158\green241\blue221;\red252\green106\blue93;\red103\green183\blue164;\red161\green103\blue230;
\red208\green168\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c85000;\csgenericrgb\c12054\c12284\c14131;\csgenericrgb\c98839\c37355\c63833;
\csgenericrgb\c25490\c63137\c75294;\csgenericrgb\c62145\c94386\c86819;\csgenericrgb\c98912\c41558\c36568;\csgenericrgb\c40392\c71765\c64314;\csgenericrgb\c63137\c40392\c90196;
\csgenericrgb\c81681\c65692\c99927;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19000\viewh15080\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Thank you for accepting the Shopmonkey Technical Assignment for SwiftUI Developer Position. \
\
This assignment has 2 tasks that you are kindly asked to complete in 2 hours time frame at any time during the week.\
\
The point of this assignment is not only evaluating some of your coding skills, but mostly to ask your own question: if you feel comfortable writing SwiftUI code for the production app. \
\
With that said, we sincerely wish you luck and are looking forward to receiving your solution!\
\
Challenge #1:\
\
You have a local array of [Car] models and receive new data from the backend that includes [Car] updates and custom sort that you want to apply. \
\
You have 3 use cases:\
1) You want to merge remote changes into local keeping new order and updating / adding elements. (update(with:))\
2) You want to replace local changes with the remote ones. (update(with:  nil array)\
3) You want to keep remote changes, and only update the local ones that exist in remote batch, otherwise removing them.\
\
Consider the following test case: \
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3     
\f2\b \cf4 func
\f1\b0 \cf2  \cf5 testArray\cf2 () \{\
        
\f2\b \cf4 var
\f1\b0 \cf2  arr1 = [\cf6 Car\cf2 (id: \cf7 "abc"\cf2 ), \cf6 Car\cf2 (id: \cf7 "abc1"\cf2 , engineSize: \cf7 "small"\cf2 ), \cf6 Car\cf2 (id: \cf7 "abc2"\cf2 )]\
        
\f2\b \cf4 let
\f1\b0 \cf2  arr2 = [\cf6 Car\cf2 (id: \cf7 "abc3"\cf2 ), \cf6 Car\cf2 (id: \cf7 "abc2"\cf2 ), \cf6 Car\cf2 (_id: \cf7 "abc1"\cf2 , engineSize: \cf7 "big"\cf2 )]\
        arr1.\cf8 update\cf2 (with:arr2)\
        \cf9 XCTAssertEqual\cf2 (arr1, [\cf6 Car\cf2 (id: \cf7 "abc"\cf2 ), \cf6 Car\cf2 (id: \cf7 "abc1"\cf2 , engineSize: \cf7 "big"\cf2 ), \cf6 Car\cf2 (id: \cf7 "abc2"\cf2 ), \cf6 Car\cf2 (id: \cf7 "abc3"\cf2 )])\
        \
        
\f2\b \cf4 let
\f1\b0 \cf2  arr3: \cf10 Array\cf2 <\cf6 Car\cf2 >? = 
\f2\b \cf4 nil
\f1\b0 \cf2 \
        arr1.\cf8 update\cf2 (with:arr3)\
        \cf9 XCTAssertEqual\cf2 (arr1, [])\
        \
        
\f2\b \cf4 var
\f1\b0 \cf2  arr4 = [\cf6 Car\cf2 (id: \cf7 "abc"\cf2 ), \cf6 Car\cf2 (id: \cf7 "abc1"\cf2 , engineSize: \cf7 "small"\cf2 ), \cf6 Car\cf2 (id: \cf7 "abc1"\cf2 ), \cf6 Car\cf2 (id: \cf7 "abc2"\cf2 )]\
        
\f2\b \cf4 let
\f1\b0 \cf2  arr5 = [\cf6 Car\cf2 (id: \cf7 "abc1"\cf2 ), \cf6 Car\cf2 (id: \cf7 "abc"\cf2 , licensePlate: \cf7 "AB1234NC"\cf2 )]\
        arr4.\cf8 updateAndClean\cf2 (using: arr5)\
        \
        \cf9 XCTAssertEqual\cf2 (arr5,  [\cf6 Car\cf2 (id: \cf7 "abc1"\cf2 ), \cf6 Car\cf2 (id: \cf7 "abc"\cf2 , licensePlate: \cf7 "AB1234NC"\cf2 )])\
    \}\

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \
...and the fact that Car model conforms to Identifiable protocol. You can conform it to other protocols as you require.\
And code the extension to Array where Element == Car, that has those update(with:) and updateAndClean(using:) functions \
\
\
Challenge #2: \
\
Implement views on the image that follows in the assignment. Naming, colors and fonts are up to you. Please also provide the 
\f1 \cf10 \cb3 PreviewProvider
\f0 \cf0 \cb1  for your Views.\
\
Here's the list of your resources:\

\f1 \cf10 \cb3 Image\cf2 (systemName: \cf7 "checkmark.square"\cf2 )\
\cf10 Image\cf2 (systemName: \cf7 "square"\cf2 )\
\cf10 Image\cf2 (systemName: \cf7 "car"\cf2 )
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f1 \cf10 \cb3 Image\cf2 (systemName: \cf7 "person"\cf2 )\
\cf10 Image\cf2 (systemName: \cf7 "chevron.right"\cf2 )}